Bro, have you heard of this thing called the Power of Manifestation? Of course. And can you elaborate a little bit on how you views the Power of Manifestation? When I came to Bombay for the first time, I remember that I used to go to audition and I thought that until I had no other audition, I... I wouldn't see any beach. Like, I would cross the beach. Bombay is like... It's right next to the ocean. I would not see it. I used to go to the same place, with auto. I would hide."}
{'text': " It was the power so strong. I never saw one week before. Someone would go home and I wouldn't see it. And when I got my first contract in my hand as a radio presenter, then I went to Drew Beach and opened my arms and I was like, I've arrived. I've conquered this world. So you know, you manifest your energy and you just think about a particular thing and you achieve it finally. And you think that you should do something for it."}
{'text': " I was suffering personally in my life and I was not talking to my parents Nobody I was such a hustler when I was in early 20's He was a horse vision Yes I came to Mumbai to radio show, a TV series and MTV was also doing it And I was in the car I was not in the car I got a driver only because I could sleep So I had to just sleep for 3 hours"}
{'text': " But in the real, day of the day, day of the day, I sleep 3 hours a day and I have to work like a horse. I think right now it's time to enjoy our start. I'll tell you, confidence comes from success. And you'll always question yourself when you're going through failures. The worst and the best part of your life are the failures. They are the best teachers. Success is a very lovely teacher. Failure is your friend, your philosopher and your guide."}
{'text': " It's better if you see failure early in your life. If you see failure after 50 years, you will be able to do it. So it's very difficult. So I'm glad after a first film I saw three unsuccessful films and that was a great learning curve. I don't say that I'm very confident that my script sense is very good. Nothing like that. The audience knows everything. All the audience knows everything more than that. And you cannot be overconfident. You have to be always very practical. It gives you that practical thing in your head."}
{'text': ' every Friday you have to motivate yourself. no partner motivates you. when I told my wife when she was a girlfriend I would be an actor she started laughing. she started laughing. I had to have braces at that time. I was preparing for my PA'}